hi I'm Sarah from the good food magazine
and I'm going to show you how to make a
really nice alternative to mulled wine
for anyone who doesn't want to drink
alcohol or is driving so I've got some
apple juice this is like a nice sort of
cloudy mix I've made of apple juice this
is really really really simple but it
tastes really nice and I sometimes think
you know you always do hot mulled wine
for people and then if you're not
drinking you kind of left with like
glass a lemonade or something and I'm
I'd be gutted if I was the driver and I
had to have that so I've got my apple
juice and then I'm just gonna use some
peel from an orange a whole orange so if
you had hemin tines like left in your
stockings or things like that in the
house use them and I'm gonna use a
swivel peeler you know let you use for
your spuds something like that and I'm
gonna do it as lightly as I can because
basically I want to get as much orange
and as little of the white pith because
that's really bitter so I don't want
that to sort of taint the flavor of my
drink so just gonna literally wiggle it
down the orange like that and yeah I may
mean to get kind of as little of the
white as I possibly can if you get any
you can always just lay it flat on a
board and trim it away so it's a bit
more like that and then just add that in
with so much flavor in the zest of an
orange you do its lemon if you want
lemon or does anyone still get if they
still get a stocking do you still get em
and orange in your stocking children
still get oranges in their stockings
wrapped in silver paper oh really oh I
just I think my mom literally just loves
one in from the fruit basket but I think
they always end up back in the fruit
basket
yeah yeah yeah cuz yeah I always get it
with chocolate coins and obviously reach
for them for my breakfast on Christmas
Day instead of the Satsuma right so
no I'm putting loads in because I really
like the flavor and then classic mulled
wine spices some more cinnamon sticks we
could use ground cinnamon if you wanted
just sometimes it's a bit dusty so I
just sort of added a couple of pinches
won't go too overboard and then some
cloves kind of vary this for the flavors
that you like like if you like star
eni's you could put some star anis in or
again if you like vanilla put some
vanilla in it depends how kind of spicy
you like your mulled wine merely and I'm
just gonna heat it up
so just gonna again it doesn't matter
about boiling this one because it's now
alcohol in it so you can just heat it to
those hot as you like it it's nice to
have a big sauce burn or like a big
casserole pan or something for your
guests to ladle out themselves if you
really keeping it warm put it in the
oven you could do ya with a lid on well
sometimes I feel having a party you got
loads going on it depends what you make
meat you know like chili con carne rice
something like that your whole hob
covered so yeah you could definitely pop
a lid on it so it doesn't evaporate and
maybe I don't know about I don't know
how low your oven goes if you could get
on something like 90 100 something like
that would be good officially fall so
you got mold wine on the go and you've
only got like a small burner you know
you could do that one ahead of time and
pop that one in keep it warm
I can already smell the orange it's
really nice if you wanted you could
almost put in like a whole Clementine
studded with cloves like that you see
you know it'll look really pretty if
you're doing a big batch of it yeah just
stood some cloves in like a cross shape
around your Satsuma your Clementine
something like that popped the whole
thing in because you're sort of piercing
the orange skin is you put the cloves
and it's gonna help release all the
flavor some of the juice from the inside
and it means you're not going to get an
unexpected clove in your mouth when
you're having a soup that embarrassing
moment at a party where you have to kind
of remove something from your teeth
so I mean you could use cranberry juice
if you wanted something colorful like
that popping some fresh cranberries
cranberry and orange is a really good
combination so the flavors work really
well with that if you had loads of Peel
going on penny you big cocktail maker
well I have been known to one or two on
Sunday afternoon especially in the
summer
what's your favorite oh the margarita
without down yeah can't beat a margarita
kind of in winter you sort of forget
about loved it they don't you does seem
like a summer thing loads of ice so you
said really cool yeah
yeah out in the garden bit of social
cocktail from the goal of their well I'm
bringing the back for all year round I
say oh yeah I think it may be with this
one if you you could perhaps put some
ginger in to give it a bit more heat
yeah that way do you know what I've got
some ginger here from before so let's
put some ginger in it might be nice if
you use lemon instead of the orange to
that change it easily let them go
together yeah that's a really nice
combination right puts mica left it
quite chunky I'm bothered to take the
skin off and then I hope it's not gonna
be horrible no I'd suggest penny it's
fine you can't taste our just gonna have
to grin and bear it when I tried I've
got a lot of things here if there's any
other suggestions got got star Annie
I've got some cranberries
you'd have this maybe before as no
dinner or a party you know what sort of
food would you have with it it's quite
fruity and quite sweet so it needs
something probably really really savory
like something cheesy I'm gonna say like
hot cheese puffs or something like that
or a bit of potted Stilton and toast or
something like I wouldn't go seafood I
don't go salmon or anything like that
with it I think it'd just be it would
like kill it really I'm getting the
ginger now starting to steam also I
think this is kind of good for like
bonfire time of you as well like sausage
sandwiches and around a bonfire yeah
red cabbage mulled red cabbage stuff
like that okay okay that's done but the
longer you leave it the more the flavors
will come out so what you could do even
if you didn't want to prepare it ahead
and keep it warm you could put it all in
the pan just cold and just leave it for
as long as you like the more and more
flavors come out or heat it up one two
turn it off that will help the flavors
come out and then just reheat it when
you're ready to serve and you could sort
of if you left this for like a whole day
it would be so delicious be really
really really flavorful grab a couple
glasses I've got my giant ladle again
I'm gonna try and get a bit of
everything so actually cinnamon stick
got Penny's ginger going on
penny this is your big moment I think
I'm kind of gentle thing just pretend it
Clive in there it kind of is quite
Christmasy colors it rise me of some
sort of you always get orange Garland's
and things like that with the cinnamon
sticks don't you and I've got some
cranberries going on in this one's get
another bit of ginger see I've had like
apple and ginger as a juice I think in a
cafe like so if you could go but if you
can buy it in like bigger drop bigger
bottles but that would be quite nice and
then put some more ginger in it and
flavour it up so there we go that's your
non-alcoholic alternative to mulled wine
it's a mold apple punch
you